
Downloaded on Oct 26, 2022 from

https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/hadobs/hadcrut5/data/current/download.html

Under HadCRUT.5.0.1.0 analysis, download:

- Summary series, CSV, Global (NH+SH)/2, and Annual

- Ensemble series, CSV, Global (NH+SH)/2, and Annual

- Uncertainty components, CSV, Global (NH+SH)/2, and Annual




Taken from this website:

"HadCRUT5 analysis time series: ensemble means and uncertainties

The following files contain time series derived from the HadCRUT5
grids for selected regions. These 'best estimate' series are computed
as the means of regional time series computed for each of the 200
ensemble member realisations. Time series are presented as temperature
anomalies (deg C) relative to 1961-1990. Time series data are provided
in CSV and NetCDF formats.

The quoted uncertainties account for uncertainty described by the 200
ensemble members, together with an additional coverage uncertainty
described in the HadCRUT5 paper that arises because the analysis is
not globally complete. Details of uncertainty calculation can be found
in the HadCRUT paper. Gridded data for the HadCRUT5 analysis ensemble
members can be found later on this page.

...

HadCRUT5 analysis time series: ensemble members

The following time series are monthly and annual series for each
ensemble member of the HadCRUT5 ensemble. The time series data are
provided in CSV and NetCDF formats.  Additional quoted uncertainties
are estimates of uncertainty in global and regional averages with
incomplete regional coverage. The additional uncertainties are
identical for all ensemble members.

...

HadCRUT5 analysis time series: uncertainty component series

The following time series files contain monthly and annual series for
each uncertainty component represented in the HadCRUT5
analysis. Uncertainties represented by the HadCRUT5 analysis ensemble
are summarised here by the ensemble statndard deviations. This is
accompanied by the additional regional coverage uncertainty that is
not encoded in the analysis ensemble members. The time series data are
provided in CSV and NetCDF formats."

